well obviously we didn't we
self-inflicted a lot of things that
happened to us in the first period we
turned the puck over you know and
specifically the second goal we had
opportunities to drive the puck towards
the net and we seem to be trying to be
too cute and played fancy and obviously
that wasn't really what we needed to do
we needed to put the puck in and find
ways to get through the neutral ison
established more of a grind game of
offensive zone time and we were able to
do that in the second period so we're
like two different hockey club's talking
about this morning value don't know what
to expect yeah and you know that's what
you get you know we were receiving the
game and we didn't react very well to it
until we got in you know got out of the
20 minutes and then I thought Bernie
made a couple big stuff to keep it at
two to nothing and then you know we
don't we score three straight and then
we give one up with 24 seconds left that
hurt right but yeah so that's good but
this is the kind of uneven performance
of gifts coaches sleepless nights I have
lots of sleepless nights and matter
winning or losing I think the stress
level goes up in games like this the the
positive avada we don't dwell on the
negative it will touch base with it but
the positive is is that we found a way
to regroup and get ourselves back on
track but we have to play 60 minutes
like we played the last two periods as
close to that as we possibly can and
it's not easy winning in the NHL it
proves at night in night out there's a
lot of shootouts taking place and we're
four in a row now anyone you know and
they talked about it a little bit this
morning so I think we won two and lost
two that's your in the last forward so
do we like shoot out to know do you see
a difference in filth night
I think that a lot of guys had fresher
legs it definitely showed and their
ability to skate and get out there and
you know and get our game ramped up in
the second that was more of the rd
finally started to skate with the puck
and gain the line and we started getting
pucks in and we created some offensive
zone time we were the opposition down
for some extended shifts with was the
last time he saw us do that you know one
we've been looking for that and those
are the things that we're gonna have to
continue to build on those are the
positives in the game please Lisa seemed
right from the start of the second that
guys that that you're a family yeah
you know it's always nice when you start
with the puck and get that first or
check going you know and I think it's
important for us to take those steps and
to recognize now the toughest part is is
it is to get make them recognize that
that's the what we need every night we
need 60 minutes of that and that's
what's going to be required you know the
games are gonna get tougher as we go
down here and reapply every second day
for a long stretch again probably right
up pretty close to the break I don't
know how many games we have in the month
of January but it probably 15 or 16 yeah
so we're good the 29th and now we're
gonna look forward to Carolina here's
the word teams down I put James and
reinstates work are the net again you
know if you guys want to play their
wheat almost said well find somebody
else and that's where it say he's got a
luxury of getting on the first power
play and earning that opportunity but
again when the goals go in and he's
there some nights he doesn't get an
assist but he is making a huge
contribution but by paying the price to
stay there Bozak Sunday Bozek yes he's
available until you know um unless he
has some ailment between now and then is
target is Sunday beep lasers able to but
it's only one guy you'd have out now
it's basically about as hell
man as I got an encouraging feel like my
team yeah lets you know you know there
was a stat today an end date Farish
brought it he said that there was a
hundred and eight players in the NHL on
IR as fifteen percent league it's quite
a number so there's a lot of injuries
taking place we're not only the only
team and obviously the compact schedule
is having some photo effect on the
bodies people are wearing now when you
apply every second day and the
competitiveness of the games are shown
healthy do you feel like that seems in a
better position it performs well you
know we'd like to but you know we'd like
to think that but I'm not gonna take
anything for granted